Add a new tutorial on 'Create and Deploy a Custom Add-On Pack' (#1251)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/09-registries-and-packs/4.5-create-pack.md

---
title: 'Create and Deploy a Custom Add-On Pack'

> metaTitle: 'Create and Deploy a Custom Add-On Pack'

Reviewer: The title is wrapped due to length. Can you think of a shorter title?

<br /> 

1. **Cloud account**: A cloud account added to your Palette project settings. This tutorial assumes the AWS cloud account name is **spectro-cloud**. The below visual shows how to add and verify a cloud account to your project by navigating to **Project Settings  &#8594; Cloud Accounts  &#8594; AWS  &#8594; Add AWS Account** in the Palette console. 

<br />

![Visual of Cloud Accounts in the Palette console.](/tutorials/create-pack/registries-and-packs_create-pack_palette-cloud-account.png)

<br /> <br />

2. **SSH key**: An SSH key created in the region where you will deploy the cluster. This tutorial will deploy the cluster in the **us-east-2** region and assumes an SSH key, **aws_key_sk_us_east_2**, exists already in the AWS console. 

<br /> <br />

<Tabs>

<Tabs.TabPane tab="Palette Console" key="Palette_Console">

## Create a Profile
Switch to the **Default** view and select the **Profile** section in the left **Main Menu** to create a full profile that combines core infrastructure and add-on layers. Click on the **Add Cluster Profile** button, and provide the details in the wizard that follows. The wizard will present you with several sections. 
<br />

> ### Section: Basic Information

Reviewer: This pattern of a colon in a title is no something we do. You can remove Section: and just leave the title.

<br />

### Section: Profile Layers
In the **Profile Layers** section, add the following core infrastructure layers:

|**Pack Type**|**Registry**|**Pack Name**|**Pack Version**| 
|---|---|---|---|
|OS|Public Repo|Ubuntu|`LTS__20.4.x`|
|Kubernetes|Public Repo|Kubernetes|`1.24.x`|
|Network|Public Repo|Calico|`3.25.x`|
|Storage|Public Repo|Amazon EBS CSI|`1.16.x`|

Once you confirm adding the core infrastructure layers, click the **Add New Pack** button to add the following layers (including the custom add-on pack you defined and pushed to the registry). 

|**Pack Type**|**Registry**|**Pack Name**|**Pack Version**| 
|---|---|---|---|
|Authentication | Public Repo| Spectro Proxy | `1.3.x`|
| App Services | **private-pack-registry** | **Hello Universe** | `1.0.x` |

Note that the values, **private-pack-registry** and the **Hello Universe**, may vary if you have chosen a different name for your registry and pack, respectively. 

<br />

![Visual of the Profile Layers success.](/tutorials/create-pack/registries-and-packs_create-pack_profile-layer.png)

<br /> <br />

### Section: Review

> Lastly, review and finish creating the profile configuration. You would see the newly created profile if there were no errors or compatibility issues between the individual layers. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, review and finish creating the cluster profile configuration. The newly created cluster profile is displayed as long as there are no errors or compatibility issues between the individual layers. 
```

<br /> <br />

> ## Create a Cluster

Reviewer: Same feedback as above. We are missing steps in the following section where you tell the user what to click. Assume the reader is a complete beginner brand new to Palette.

> View the details of the profile you just created, and click the **Deploy** button on the top right to create a new cluster. The cluster creation wizard will present you with the a few sections. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View the details of the cluster profile you just created, and click the **Deploy** button on the top right to create a new cluster. The cluster creation wizard will present you with a few sections. 
```

<br />

### Section: Basic Information
Use the following values in the first section, **Basic Information**. 

|**Field**|**Value**|
|---|---|
|Cluster name| *pack-tutorial-cluster* |
|Description| *Cluster as part of the pack tutorial.*|
|Tags|`spectro-cloud-education, app:hello-universe, terraform_managed:true`|

> |Cloud Account|**spectro-cloud**|

Reviewer: No need for italics here.

> Note that the value **spectro-cloud** is the AWS cloud account name already configured in the Palette project settings. 

Reviewer: In this example ......

> <br /> <br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<br /> 
```

### Section: Parameters

> Next, the **Parameters** section allows you to change the profile configurations. For example, clicking on the **Hello Universe 1.0.x** layer will allow you to configure the `registry`, `repository`, and `tag` parameters defined in the **values.yaml** file. Let's keep those parameter values as default and move to the next section. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, the **Parameters** section allows you to change the profile configurations. For example, clicking on the **Hello Universe 1.0.x** layer will allow you to configure the `registry`, `repository`, and `tag` parameters defined in the **values.yaml** file. Keep those parameter values as default and move to the next section. 
```

You should add your image from earlier here. This is a better place for it than how it is used earlier in the tutorial.

<br /> <br />

### Section: Cluster config

> In the **Cluster config** section, uncheck the **Static Placement** field, select the **us-east-2** region, and select the SSH key pair name you have in your AWS console. If checked, the **Static Placement** will deploy the cluster in an existing VPC, subnets, roles, and other resources. But, for this tutorial, you will choose the dynamic placement, meaning the Palette dev engine will create a new VPC and all other resources needed for the cluster. 

Reviewer: Tell them to choose a region where they have an SSH key. We shouldn't assume us-east-2.

> In the **Cluster config** section, uncheck the **Static Placement** field, select the **us-east-2** region, and select the SSH key pair name you have in your AWS console. If checked, the **Static Placement** will deploy the cluster in an existing VPC, subnets, roles, and other resources. But, for this tutorial, you will choose the dynamic placement, meaning the Palette dev engine will create a new VPC and all other resources needed for the cluster. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the **Cluster config** section, uncheck the **Static Placement** field, select the **us-east-2** region, and select the SSH key pair name you have in your AWS console. If checked, the **Static Placement** will deploy the cluster in an existing VPC, subnets, roles, and other resources. But, for this tutorial, you will choose the dynamic placement where Palette creates a new VPC and all other resources needed for the cluster. 
```
Palette Dev Engine is app mode.

> <br /> <br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<br />
```

### Section: Nodes config
In the **Nodes config** section, provide the details for the master and the worker pool. For learning purposes, you can use the following configuration:

> |**Field** | **Value for the master-pool**| **Value for the worker-pool**|

Reviewer: Same feedback about italics

|---| --- | ---|
|Node pool name| *master-pool* | *worker-pool* |
|Number of nodes in the pool| `1` | `1` |
|Allow worker capability| *Checked* | Not applicable |
|Enable Autoscaler | Not applicable | No |
|Rolling update |  Not applicable | *Expand* <br /> Launch a new node first, then shut down the old one. |
|Instance Type | General purpose `m4.large` | Copy from Master pool | 
|Availability zones | **us-east-2a** <br />Choose only one availability zone. | Copy from Master pool | 
|Disk size | 60 GiB | Copy from Master pool | 

<br /> <br />

### Section: Settings and Review
Use the default values in the **Settings** section and review all configurations in the **Review** section.  If everything looks good, finish creating the cluster configuration. It will start deploying the cluster and may take up to 15-20 minutes to finish.

<br />

> 

Reviewer: There is a disconnect here. We should move this image to the validation section, where you explain the values in the image. After the image, you can tell the user to click on the service URL, which ties nicely with the application image.

![Visual of the cluster health.](/tutorials/create-pack/registries-and-packs_create-pack_cluster-health.png)

> <br /> <br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<br />
```

You can also look at real-time metrics on the **Overview** tab, such as CPU and memory consumption. 

> <br /> <br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<br />
```

## Validate

> After the Palette finishes provisioning the cluster, the status will turn to **Running** and **Healthy**. You can access the application on the exposed port 8080 for the **Hello Universe** service. The application will look similar to the visual below. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After Palette finishes provisioning the cluster, the status will turn to **Running** and **Healthy**. You can access the application from the exposed service URL with the port number displayed. For the Hello Universe application, port 8080 is exposed. Click on the URL to access the application.
```

We don't refer to Palette as "The Palette", just Palette. Like Facebook, there is no "The Facebook". It's just "Facebook". 

Also, due to DNS behavior, it might be wise to add a warning to the user to wait a min or two.

![CleanShot 2023-04-21 at 17 14 54](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29551334/233751362-4fbc43dd-d10b-456b-b903-0c8b1c740e2a.png)

<br />

![Visual of the successful accessing the application using the load balancer URL.](/tutorials/create-pack/registries-and-packs_create-pack_success.png)

<br /> <br />

> Congratulations, you've successfully deployed the *Hello Universe* application to the cluster. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using your custom pack in the cluster, you have successfully deployed the Hello Universe application to the cluster. 
```
Don't use congratulatory language as that indicates a difficult task, and that is not the perception we want to give of our product.

> <br /> <br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<br />
```

## Cleanup

> Delete the cluster and the profile by navigating to the **Cluster** and **Profile** sections in the left **Main Menu**, respectively. 

Reviewer: Don't combo, guide the user one click at a time.

<br />

![Visual of deleting the cluster in the Palette console.](/tutorials/create-pack/registries-and-packs_create-pack_delete-cluster.png)

<br /> <br />

Delete the profile after deleting the cluster. 
<br />

![Visual of deleting the profile in the Palette console.](/tutorials/create-pack/registries-and-packs_create-pack_delete-profile.png)

<br /> <br />

> Wait for the resources to clean up and ensure the successful resource deletion in the Palette console. 

Reviewer: What about the local container? How do they clean that up? They should also remove the registry server.

</Tabs.TabPane>

<Tabs.TabPane tab="Terraform Code" key="Terraform_Code">

The [Spectro Cloud Terraform provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/spectrocloud/spectrocloud/latest/docs) allows the creation and management of Palette resources using Infrastructure as Code (IaC), which has several advantages, such as automating infrastructure, facilitating collaboration, documenting infrastructure, and keeping all infrastructure in a single source of truth.

## Starter Code

> Let's switch back to the "tutorials" container, where you will find the starter Terraform files. If you have closed the terminal session, you can reopen another bash session in the "tutorials" container. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate back to the tutorial container bash session. In the tutorial container, you will find the starter Terraform files. If you have closed the terminal session, you can reopen another bash session in the tutorials container using the following command. 
```

```bash
docker exec -it tutorialContainer bash
```

Change to the **terraform/pack-tf** directory containing the Terraform code for this tutorial. 

```bash
cd terraform/pack-tf
```

## Set up the Spectro Cloud API key

> To get started with the Terraform code, you need a Spectro Cloud API key which will help authenticate the Spectro Cloud Terraform provider to the Palette. To add a new API key, log in to Palette, click on the user **User Menu** on the top-right corner, and select **My API Keys**, as shown in the visual below. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started with the Terraform code, you need a Spectro Cloud API key to authenticate and interact with the Palette API endpoint. To add a new API key, log in to Palette, click on the user **User Menu** in the top-right corner, and select **My API Keys**, as shown in the visual below. 
```

Minor language cleanup.

> <br /> <br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<br />
```

![Visual of generating an API key in the Palette.](/tutorials/create-pack/registries-and-packs_create-pack_generate-api-key.png )

> <br /> <br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<br />
```

Here are the steps to follow next:

1. Fill in the required fields, such as the API key name and expiration date, and confirm to create the key. 

2. Copy the key value to your clipboard, and switch back to the "tutorials" container environment. 

3. Export the API key as an environment variable so the Spectro Terraform Cloud provider can authenticate with the Palette API.

  ```bash
  export SPECTROCLOUD_APIKEY=<Your-Spectro-Cloud-API-key>
  ```

> <br /> <br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<br />
```

## Review Terraform Files
Ensure that you have the following files in the current working directory.
<br />

```bash
.
├── profile.tf		# Resource
├── cluster.tf		# Resource
├── data.tf			  # Spectro Cloud data resources
├── inputs.tf		  # Input varibales
├── outputs.tf		# Output variables
└── provider.tf		# Spectro Cloud Terraform provider 
```

Note that the Terraform code will deploy the resources to the **AWS** cloud service provider. We strongly recommend that you review and explore all Terraform files. Here is a high-level overview of each file:

-  **profile.tf** - has the configuration for `spectrocloud_cluster_profile` resource. We encourage you to check the core infrastructure layers that comprise the `spectrocloud_cluster_profile` resource. 

-  **cluster.tf** - has the configuration for `spectrocloud_cluster_aws` resource. The cluster resource depends upon the `spectrocloud_cluster_profile` resource. 

- **data.tf** - contains the configuration for the resources to retrieve data from Palette dynamically. For deploying the `spectrocloud_cluster_profile` resource, here are the pack details for each infrastructure layer. 

>   |**Pack Type**|**Registry**|**Pack Name**|**Tag**| **Version** |

Reviewer: Nice use of the table, I like how you are displaying this.

  |---|---|---|---|
  |OS|Public Repo|`ubuntu-aws`|`LTS__20.4.x`| `20.04`|
  |Kubernetes|Public Repo|`kubernetes`|`1.24.x`| `1.24.10` |
  |Network|Public Repo|`cni-calico`|`3.25.x`|`3.25.0`|
  |Storage|Public Repo|`csi-aws-ebs`|`1.16.x`|`1.16.0`|

>   Note that the Terraform code, when executed, will deploy the resources to the **AWS** cloud service provider. To deploy your resource to Azure or Google Cloud, use the specific layer details outlined in the **Cloud Service Provider Configurations** section [here](https://github.com/spectrocloud/tutorials/tree/main/terraform/pack-tf/README.md). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be aware that the Terraform code, when executed, will deploy the resources to the AWS cloud service provider. To deploy your resource to Azure or Google Cloud, use the specific layer details outlined in the **Cloud Service Provider Configurations** section [here](https://github.com/spectrocloud/tutorials/tree/main/terraform/pack-tf/README.md). 
```
You used note very recently.

- **inputs.tf** - contains all the Terraform variables and the default values used in the tutorial. Before running the terraform commands, verify and update the default value for all variables. In particular,  update the value for the `cluster_cloud_account_aws_name`, `ssh_key_name`, and `private_pack_registry` variables. You will find the `# ToDo` tags against the fields you want to update. Leave the remaining fields as default, assuming you will continue deploying to the AWS cloud. 

- **outputs.tf** - contains the output variables to expose information.

- **provider.tf** - contains the provider configuration and version.

> <br /> <br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<br /> 
```

## Deploy Terraform
After updating the **inputs.tf** file, and carefully reviewing the other files, initialize the Terraform provider:
<br />

```bash
terraform init
```

The `init` command above will download plugins and providers from the **provider.tf** file. Next, preview the resources Terraform will create. 
<br />

```bash
terraform plan
```

The output displays the resources Terraform will create in an actual implementation. Lastly, finish creating all resources using the following command. 
<br />

```bash
terraform apply -auto-approve
```

> It will take up to 20 mins to provision a cluster. See a sample successful deplyment in the visual below. 
> While the deployment is in progress, you can switch to the Palette to validate the in-progress deployment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will take up to 20 mins to provision a cluster. You can observe the cluster deployment progress in Palette by navigating back to Palette.
```
This is a smoother transition into the next section. But really, don't need a new header, this can all be kept in the same section.

> <br /> <br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<br /> 
```

## Check the In-Progress Deployment

> Log back into the [Palette console](https://console.spectrocloud.com/), and navigate to the **Profile** section in the left **Main Menu**. If the terraform deployment is successful, you will see the newly created Profile, as shown in the visual below. 

Reviewer: Again, guide the reader. There are steps missing. Hold their hand. This should have mentioned to select their cluster so they can track the cluster deployment progress in the cluster detail page.

<br /> <br />

![Visual of the successful Profile in the Palette console.](/tutorials/create-pack/registries-and-packs_create-pack_verify-profile.png)

<br /> <br />

## Validate

> Navigate to the **Clusters** section in the Palette console's left **Main Menu** and view the cluster deployment in progress. After the Palette finishes provisioning the cluster, the status will turn to **Running** and **Healthy**. You can access the application on the exposed port 8080 for the **Hello Universe** service. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Palette, navigate to the left **Main Menu** and select **Clusters**. Select your cluster to access its cluster details page that contains the deployment status. After Palette finishes provisioning the cluster, the status will turn to **Running** and **Healthy**.  

To access the Hello Universe application, click on the exposed service URL for port 8080. 
```

> <br /> <br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<br /> 
```

![Visual of the cluster health.](/tutorials/create-pack/registries-and-packs_create-pack_cluster-health.png)

<br /> <br />

The application will look similar to the visual below. 

> <br /> <br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<br />
```

![Visual of the successful accessing the application using the load balancer URL.](/tutorials/create-pack/registries-and-packs_create-pack_success.png)

> <br /> <br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<br /> 
```

> Congratulations, you've successfully deployed the *Hello Universe* application to the cluster. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using your custom pack in the cluster, you have successfully deployed the Hello Universe application to the cluster.
```
Same feedback as earlier.

> <br /> <br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<br />
```

## Cleanup

> To delete the resources, switch back to the "tutorials" container, and run the following command from within the **terraform/pack-tf** directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To delete all the deployed resources, switch back to the tutorials container, and issue the following command from within the **terraform/pack-tf** directory:
```

<br />

```bash
terraform destroy -auto-approve

> ```

Reviewer: For both Terraform apply and terraform destroy, you should show the output of number of resources destroyed. 

![CleanShot 2023-04-21 at 17 54 05](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29551334/233753173-dbf9b35d-701f-4316-be2a-39b29cceef2c.png)

<br /> 

> Wait for the resources to clean up and ensure the successful resource deletion in the Palette console as well. 

Reviewer: We need to mention the force delete scenario and how to terminate the tutorial container.  

![CleanShot 2023-04-21 at 17 55 44](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29551334/233753253-d5f8b532-f83d-4190-9a10-c0f428ab15fe.png)

</Tabs.TabPane>

</Tabs>

<br /> <br /> 

# Wrap-Up

> In this tutorial, you created a custom add-on pack to package the *Hello Universe* application and deployed it to a cluster. First, you learned to create the pack using the manifest files. Then, along the learning journey, you learned to set up a private registry server and publish the pack to that registry. In the latter half of the tutorial, you configured the registry server in the Palette console so that you can access the pack to create a Profile. Later, you created a Profile and deployed it to a cluster using the Palette console or Terraform. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, you learned how to create a custom pack using manifest files. You packaged up an application in a custom pack that you pushed to a private registry server that you later added to Palette.

Next, you created a cluster profile that included all the core infrastructure layers, such as the OS, Kubernetes distribution, and more. You also added your custom pack to the cluster profile so your application could be deployed to a Kubernetes cluster. 

Packs are the building blocks of cluster profiles. It's what allows you to customize all your Kubernetes clusters. You can use different packs to create different cluster profiles for specific purposes. This is the value Palette provides. You can ensure all Kubernetes deployments contain all the required dependencies and applications without having to develop complicated deployment scripts. All you need to do is maintain the cluster profiles. 

We encourage you to check out the following resources to learn more about Palette.
```

A conclusion should include a high-level summary that is easy to follow and highlights our product's business value. This is an example of a conclusion that emphasizes the value of packs, which is the main element of this tutorial.  I didn't mention Terraform because that's not important. It's more important that the user understands the value of the pack and why you would want to create a custom pack. Lastly, add some links below that you feel the reader should check out to continue their learning journey.

## Starter Code
Navigate back to the tutorials container bash session. In the tutorials container, you will find the starter Terraform files. If you have closed the terminal session, you can reopen another bash session in the tutorials container using the following command. 
<br />

```bash
docker exec -it tutorialContainer bash
```

Change to the **terraform/pack-tf** directory containing the Terraform code for this tutorial. 
<br />

```bash
cd terraform/pack-tf
```

## Set up the Spectro Cloud API key

To get started with the Terraform code, you need a Spectro Cloud API key to authenticate and interact with Palette API endpoint. To add a new API key, log in to Palette, click on the user **User Menu** in the top-right corner, and select **My API Keys**, as shown in the visual below. 

<br /> <br />

![Visual of generating an API key in Palette.](/tutorials/create-pack/registries-and-packs_create-pack_generate-api-key.png )

<br />

Here are the steps to add and export an API key:

> 1. Fill in the required fields, such as the API key name and expiration date, and confirm to add the key. 
> 
> 2. Copy the key value to your clipboard, and switch back to the tutorials container environment. 
> 
> 3. Export the API key as an environment variable in the tutorials container bash session so the Terraform code can authenticate with Palette API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Fill in the required fields, such as the API key name and expiration date, and confirm to add the key. 

2. Copy the key value to your clipboard, and switch back to the tutorials container environment. 

3. Export the API key as an environment variable in the tutorials container bash session so the Terraform code can authenticate with Palette API.
```

Increased spacing.

-  **cluster.tf** - has the configuration for `spectrocloud_cluster_aws` resource. The cluster resource depends upon the `spectrocloud_cluster_profile` resource. 

- **data.tf** - contains the configuration for the resources to retrieve data from Palette dynamically. For deploying the `spectrocloud_cluster_profile` resource, here are the pack details for each infrastructure layer. 

  |**Pack Type**|**Registry**|**Pack Name**|**Tag**| **Version** |
  |---|---|---|---|
  |OS|Public Repo|`ubuntu-aws`|`LTS__20.4.x`| `20.04`|
  |Kubernetes|Public Repo|`kubernetes`|`1.24.x`| `1.24.10` |
  |Network|Public Repo|`cni-calico`|`3.25.x`|`3.25.0`|
  |Storage|Public Repo|`csi-aws-ebs`|`1.16.x`|`1.16.0`|

  Be aware that the Terraform code, when executed, will deploy the resources to the AWS cloud service provider. To deploy your resource to Azure or Google Cloud, use the specific layer details outlined in the **Cloud Service Provider Configurations** section [here](https://github.com/spectrocloud/tutorials/tree/main/terraform/pack-tf/README.md). 

> - **inputs.tf** - contains all the Terraform variables and the default values used in the tutorial. Before executing the terraform commands, verify and update the default value for all variables. In particular,  update the value for the `cluster_cloud_account_aws_name`, `ssh_key_name`, and `private_pack_registry` variables. You will find the `# ToDo` tags against the fields you want to update. Leave the remaining fields as default, assuming you will continue deploying to the AWS cloud. 

Reviewer: I might be useful to have the user either create or modify a`terraform.tfvars`  file and show them to change the values. That way the chances of a user skipping this step reduces. Below is an example of what the `terraform.tfvars` file would contain.
```terraform
cluster_cloud_account_aws_name = "REPLACE ME"
aws_region_name = "REPLACE ME"
ssh_key_name = "REPLACE ME"
```

You can read more about tfvars files [here](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/values/variables#variable-definitions-tfvars-files).

That way, you can remove the default value in `cluster_cloud_account_aws_name` `ssh_key_name` and `private_pack_registry`

It's a bit dangerous to use `default` values for these variables as the terraform run will break due to the values not being correct for the user. In those scenarios, `default` values should be avoided and instead, we can help the user by providing them a `terraform.tfvars` file for them to change.

</WarningBox>

<br />

![Visual of the successful accessing the application using the load balancer URL.](/tutorials/create-pack/registries-and-packs_create-pack_success.png)

<br /> <br />

You can also look at real-time metrics, such as CPU and memory consumption, in the cluster's **Overview** tab in Palette. 

<br />

![Visual of the cluster metrics.](/tutorials/create-pack/registries-and-packs_create-pack_cluster-metrics.png)

<br /> <br />

Using your custom pack in the cluster, you have successfully deployed the Hello Universe application to the cluster. 

<br />

# Cleanup
Delete the cluster, cluster profile, and registry server, and remove the registry service configuration from Palette's settings. 

##  Delete the Cluster and Cluster Profile using Terraform
If you've used Terraform to deploy the cluster, switch back to the tutorials container, and issue the following command from within the **terraform/pack-tf** directory:
<br />

```bash
terraform destroy -auto-approve
```

Wait for the resources to clean up. Deleting the Terraform resources may take up to 10 minutes. 
<br />

> ```bash coloredLines=2-2|#49be25

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

Let's just use the default color. That green is a bit too bight 😅

---
title: 'Deploy an Add-On Pack'
metaTitle: 'Deploy an Add-On Pack'

> metaDescription: 'How to create an add-on pack using the manifest files or Helm charts in Spectro Cloud.'

Reviewer 2: Does the title need to say "Deploy a Custom Add-0n Pack"?
If so, the metaTitle could say same.

After defining the custom pack, you will set up a registry server, publish the pack to that registry, and configure the registry server in Palette. Lastly, you will create a cluster profile comprising your custom pack and deploy it to a cluster using either Palette or Terraform.  

# Prerequisites
To complete the tutorial, you will need the following items:

1. A Spectro Cloud account. Visit [https://console.spectrocloud.com](https://console.spectrocloud.com) to create an account.

2. Tenant admin access to Palette for the purpose of adding a new registry server.

3. A cloud account, either of AWS, Azure, or GCP, added to your Palette project settings. 

4. An SSH key created in either of the AWS, Azure, or GCP region where you will deploy the cluster.

5. [Docker Desktop](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) installed on your local machine to start the tutorials container. 

6. Basic knowledge of Docker containers and Kubernetes manifest file attributes.

> # Set up the Tutorial Environment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Set Up the Tutorial Environment
```
